and he'll round the room left hand to
heal Chumlee with and back this way make
a right that's good left turn very
pretty you'll keep chumming in close
come over this direction don't heal in
little circles we won't get anywhere
right over here come on all the way over
here and slow down and sit very good and
heal again up towards me and heal this
way okay before you start let him know
you know you're taking three steps and
poor old Jack with we're creeping off
from him like this sort of then we say
Jack come you know so the poor dogs out
of position before we start so get him
psyched up so he's paying attention to
you till we go jacks it I got a squeaky
here with there we go Jack are you ready
Jack he'll come on here good dog good
dog good dog and he's a slow on Melanie
come on come on good dog there's a good
dog and sit down and sit I'm getting
ready to roll over and then he'll round
the room when you're ready he'll sit
he'll sit and you can go and sit down
and sit with the right hand and he'll
with the left hand very good and sit
with the right hand and he'll with the
left hand very good that's it speed up
make a left turn speed up that's it keep
going keep going to don the nose quickly
and go the other way that's lovely and
slow down and sit good Griner should the
dog stick close to you you're boring the
dog lives with you so squeak a little
make it fun act like a puppy act like a
child keep the dog on one side only
he'll with the left hand sit signal with
the right hand and for heaven's sake
make it fun
you